Add self-serve SSO docs (#3349)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/configure/auth-strategies/enterprise-connections/self-serve-sso.mdx

Self-serve SSO lets you delegate that configuration directly to your customers' IT admins by embedding the [`<ConfigureSSO />`](/docs/reference/components/authentication/configure-sso) component inside your own application. The IT admin signs into your app with their Clerk account and uses the component to handle all identity provider (IdP) specific setup end-to-end — choosing an IdP, verifying the domain, exchanging metadata, and testing the connection — without ever touching the Clerk Dashboard.

`<ConfigureSSO />` works whether or not your application uses [Clerk Organizations](/docs/guides/organizations/overview):

- **With Clerk Organizations** — the connection is attached to the IT admin's active Organization.
- **Without Clerk Organizations** — the connection is attached to an email domain at the application level. No Organization is required.

> [!NOTE]
> In its current implementation, `<ConfigureSSO />` is the only way to use self-serve SSO, and it requires an active Clerk session. The IT admin must have a Clerk user account in your application and be signed in to use the flow. It currently only supports Okta and custom SAML.

## Enable self-serve SSO

> You must enable self-serve SSO at the application level before the `<ConfigureSSO />` component will render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must enable self-serve SSO at the instance level before the `<ConfigureSSO />` component will render.
```

1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**SSO connections**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/user-authentication/sso-connections) page.
1. Open the **Self-serve** tab.
1. Toggle **Self-serve SSO** on.

If self-serve SSO is disabled, mounting `<ConfigureSSO />` in development will throw a runtime error to surface the misconfiguration. In production, it will simply not render.

## Requirements

To render `<ConfigureSSO />`, the following must be true:

> - Self-serve SSO is enabled in the Clerk Dashboard (see above).

Reviewer 2: for accessibility purposes:

```suggestion
- [Self-serve SSO is enabled in the Clerk Dashboard](#enable-self-serve-sso).
```

- The **Email address** identifier is enabled on your instance. The component uses the user's primary email address to derive and verify the domain being claimed.
- The IT admin is signed in with a Clerk user account in your application. The component reads the active Clerk session and does not currently support unauthenticated, token-based access.

> If you use Clerk Organizations and want to scope a connection to an Organization, the signed-in user must have the `org:sys_enterprise_connections` system permission for that Organization. This permission ships with the default **Admin** role; if you've defined custom roles, add it to any role that should be able to manage enterprise connections. For more information, refer to the [roles and permissions guide](/docs/guides/organizations/control-access/roles-and-permissions).

Reviewer 2: we capitalize Clerk proper nouns!

```suggestion
If you use Clerk Organizations and want to scope a connection to an Organization, the signed-in user must have the `org:sys_enterprise_connections` system permission for that Organization. This permission ships with the default **Admin** role; if you've defined custom roles, add it to any role that should be able to manage enterprise connections. For more information, refer to the [Roles and Permissions guide](/docs/guides/organizations/control-access/roles-and-permissions).
```

1. **Verify domain** — the component verifies that the user controls the email domain they're claiming. If the user doesn't have a primary email address yet, they're prompted to add one first.
1. **Configure** — the user selects an IdP and provides the protocol-specific configuration. IdP setup instructions are embedded inline, so you don't need to author or maintain your own walkthroughs.
1. **Test** — the user runs a test sign-in to confirm the connection works end-to-end.
1. **Confirmation** — once the test passes, you can review and enable the connection.

## Embed the component

The following example shows the minimal integration in a Next.js App Router app. The component is imported from `@clerk/nextjs/experimental` because it's still in early access.

```tsx {{ filename: 'app/sso-setup/page.tsx' }}
import { ConfigureSSO } from '@clerk/nextjs/experimental'

export default function SSOSetupPage() {
  return <ConfigureSSO />
}
```

Wrap the page in your usual route protection (for example, [`auth.protect()`](/docs/reference/nextjs/app-router/auth#auth-protect)) so that only signed-in users can reach it.

> For full prop and SDK reference, see the [`<ConfigureSSO />` component documentation](/docs/reference/components/authentication/configure-sso).

Reviewer 2: The component reference is not an SDK reference so I wouldn't use that here in the text. Here's a suggestion for a reword, but it's open to workshopping if you have feedback :)

```suggestion
To learn about available props and other information regarding `<ConfigureSSO />`, see the [component reference](/docs/reference/components/authentication/configure-sso).
```
